Document executionPlanCacheKeyHash and executableQueryCacheHit (#2064)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring/logging.adoc

| The query plan.
Included when xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_db.logs.query.plan_description_enabled[`db.logs.query.plan_description_enabled`] is `true`.

| executionPlanCacheKeyHash
| The 32-bit hash of the cache key used to cache the execution plan.
It is a fixed-length 8-character string of a hex-encoded integer value.
Enabled by default only in the JSON format.
If multiple query executions use the same cached execution plan, their hashes should match.

> For `event=start`, the value is 000000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `event=start`, the value is `00000000`.
```

| executableQueryCacheHit

> | Whether the query was executed using a cached execution plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Whether the query string matched a cached execution plan.
```

This is my attempt to a bit more precise, as this is specifically about a cache hit in the top-level outer query cache that matches directly from the query string to a cached execution plan. The query could still be executed using a cached execution plan even if this is false, e.g. if it hits an inner cache after parsing. Feel free to rephrase it.

Reviewer: Maybe "query text" is better than "query string". I don't know what terminology is commonly used in the rest of the Cypher docs.
